copyedits to prep for platform migration (#281)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/circuit.rst

to implement the time evolution.

The example also demonstrates how to incorporate domain knowledge into an

> operator by using :ref:`operator term grouping <grouping_explanation>`. Assigning group indices to the Hamiltonian terms preserves structural

Author: ```suggestion
operator by using :ref:`operator term grouping <grouping_explanation>`. By assigning group indices to the Hamiltonian terms, structural information is
```
